general applicability of SD-JWT (#197)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

ability to selectively disclose a subset of these claims depending on
the Verifier becomes crucial to ensure minimum disclosure and prevent
Verifiers from obtaining claims irrelevant for the transaction at hand.
One example of such a multi-use JWT is a verifiable credential, a
tamper-evident credential with a cryptographically verifiable authorship that
contains claims about a subject.

> SD-JWTs defined in this document enable such selective disclosure of claims for JWTs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SD-JWTs defined in this document enable such selective disclosure JWT claims.
```
..?

Author: ```suggestion
SD-JWTs defined in this document enable such selective disclosure of JWTs claims .
```
...?

Reviewer 2: ....?

Similar to the JWT specification on which it builds, this document is a product of the

> OAuth working group. However, while both JWT and SD-JWT have potential OAuth
> applications, their utility and application is certainly not constrained to OAuth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAuth working group. However, while both JWT and SD-JWT have potential OAuth 2.0
applications, their utility and application is certainly not constrained to OAuth 2.0.
```

JWT was developed as a general-purpose token format and has seen widespread usage in a
variety of applications. SD-JWT is a selective disclosure mechanism for JWT and is

> similarly intended to be general-purpose specification.

Reviewer 2: Shall we add something like "... and this is why this specification in general does not use OAuth-specific terms like client and authorization server but instead more broadly applicable terms like Verifier and Holder"?

Author: I know that was part of Hannes' question but I think that's more than should be said here.

Author: i.e. I wanted to give some context for why this thing is coming out of the OAuth WG and state the general-purpose intent. But don't want to try and touch on each question/objection from the particular email from Hannes and don't want to get into specifics of how SD-JWT would be used w/ OAuth.

Reviewer 2: That works for me!
